Hello, I'm Leonardo Saravia
from University of General Sarmiento, 
Buenos Aires, Argentina.

I will talk about SLOSS. Several large or Single small
which is better for conservation? 

So this is an old
and tangled debate. 

Here are some of the last papers
about this and everybody agree that habitat loss is a threat but 

On one side this people
think that to have one bigger patch is better

On the other, L. Fahrig
thinks that several small
patches are better. 

Then I applied a neutral - hierarchical competitive
model

So we have two flavors. 

The neutral one is a classical neutral model
with a metacommunity. 

Individuals migrate from the metacommunity
to a local community and here we have two

parameters the birth and death rate
that can be combined in one called lambda

All species have
the same parameters. You can think that all species are equal to an average species.

So species
migrate and they can disperse locally. 

They have a dispersal distance and when they 
disperse if the site is occupied or degraded they die.

So there is an increased mortality.

And in the hierarchical side we
have another parameter that is 
the replacement rate. 

So species are not anymore the same. So
a more competitive species can replace another species.

In the model there is a hierarchy: the best species can replace all others
the second best can replace all except the first, and so on.

Finally we have an additional flavor that
is the same that the classical neutral

one with the addition
that the dispersers can select sites, if the
site is occupied they select a
neighbor empty or not degrade site
so there is no additional mortality.  

In this case I'm trying to simulate the behavior of animals that have
the possibility to select the
site when they disperse. 

So, what happen without habit of loss,
the general pattern is that we have less species with more
dispersal distance because when we
have larger dispersal there is an increased probability that one
species dominate the area

So we did fragmentation experiments like this 
we let the community to migrate and
colonize the area and then 
we degraded the 60% of the area 
this is the case of lambda = 2 
then we record how many species we have left

We found that with bigger patch sizes
we have less species and the
effect is more pronounced
when dispersal distance is smaller


We also observed that there is 
a minimum patch size for survival
for a very small patch size species can't
survive 

In this example we observe here that for
very small patches 
the individuals of all species get locally extinct. 

We also calculate Shannon
diversity to see if the
patterns are similar and they are

Our main results agree
with Fahrig, but there is a
minimum patch size that depends

on lambda and after that
threshold the increase in
patch size produces a 
decrease in number of species

why 

because fragmentation acts as a
barrier to dispersal and as we see in the simulations without 
fragmentation the increase in dispersal implies less species.

okay. I think it's all thank you very much. 
See you around.


